Add IMAGE-Materials (#63)
UtrechtUniversity/research-engineering: docs/projects.md

| **Research Engineers**: [Maarten Schermer](https://www.uu.nl/medewerkers/MDSchermer) |
| Downloading and postprocessing data of over 5 billion chess matches from Lichess.org, making the data available for future research. |

| IMAGE Materials |
| --- | 
| **Time frame**: 04/2024 - present |
| **Research domain**: Faculty of Geosciences |
| **Technologies**: Python, Software Engineering | 
| **Research Engineers**: [Christine Staiger](https://www.uu.nl/staff/CStaiger), [Raoul Schram](https://www.uu.nl/staff/RDSchram), [Roel Brouwer](https://www.uu.nl/staff/RJJBrouwer) | 

> | This project aims to contribute to the development of an integrated energy and material model within the IMAGE framework. An existing Python implementation needs to be adapted to fit the OO style of prism to be connected to the IMAGE energy model and subsequently the IMAGE framework to assess the energy material interactions. | 

Reviewer: 'OO' seems a little bit odd to read.
```suggestion
| This project aims to contribute to the development of an integrated energy and material model within the IMAGE framework. An existing Python implementation needs to be adapted to fit the Object Oriented Programming style of prism to be connected to the IMAGE energy model and subsequently the IMAGE framework to assess the energy material interactions. | 
```
